message to the conscience a moment of
reflection in daily life
I heard what I heard in the voice of Carlos Reis
the River Plate soccer classic
increased his fame after the
consecration of Uruguay in the games
1924 Paris Olympics just
the new champions arrived
Olympics to Montevideo were organized
two friendly matches with argentina the
first played on September 21 in
montevideo and ended 1 to 1 a week
after the rematch was played in good
aires- the court of sportivo barracas
had a capacity for 40,000 spectators
but the expectation of the meeting exceeded
all calculations were sold 42,000
entries adding the guests the
partners and the cast that day there were more than
52,000 people the party started with
a lot of people at the edge of the line
side were just four minutes
when the Uruguayan referee Ricardo
vallarino decided to suspend the match
there were incidents and some injured
embarrassment was able to organize the rematch
for Thursday , October 2 and they were taken
several measures between them surrounded the
playing field with a wiring of a
one and a half meters high
although several courts already existed
nearby in the country and in montevideo
since then it has been called wiring
Olympic Games and restricted the amount of
tickets and they increased the price at 15
minutes of the first time 30,000
people witnessed a fact that
it became a milestone of football
Argentine and world
cesarean gonzález a left pointer
who played in hurricane pointed a goal
straight from the corner kick the
novel conquest left its mark and since
then each goal converted as
Gonzalez to the Olympians went to
be denominated throughout America and in some
countries of europe argentine olympic goal
won 2 to 1 but beyond the rivalry
the witnesses highlighted the goal of ounces
and the newspaper the reason he dedicated a
special paragraph to which the arbitrator of the
Uruguayan football association
ensuring that 15 days ago knew
the new regulation in which the
corner kick was no longer shot in
direct and that this penalty of the goal
Olympic had occurred in a
auspicious opportunity and that would be
always remembered
with sari, he related the goal to me
because I had to leave is the archer
Uruguayan more to and had risen with
the left foot that day because never
more I invoked another like that but
The truth is that when I saw the ball
inside the arch I could not believe it like that
remembers the journalist oscar barnade del
Clarín's diary of Argentina the first goal
Olympic marked in a match
first division less badly than in the
game of life in which we allow
that god appears as the captain of
our team does not matter how it
lift the opposing goalkeeper every day
because neither superstition nor destiny
they influence the goals scored and so on
like the case of the young javi when he
he faced the giant goliat
neither the strength nor the size of the
enemy determines the result because the
battle is of the Lord then when God
fight for us every time he charges a
corner shot he has the power to
score an incredible Olympic goal
making the shot straight to the goal but
you also have the option of making the shot
live
the power to overcome ourselves the
opposing fence by knocking down the giant
in the name of the almighty lord
if you want to communicate with us
can you write us to the message to steal
conscience black spot or conscience
california coast table option 9 26 28